Update ERC-4337: referece calldata cost increase (eip-7623) (#1045)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-4337.md

However, the requirement is for the estimated value to be sufficient to cover the following costs:

* Base bundle transaction cost. On Ethereum, `21000` gas divided by the number of `UserOperations`.

> * The calldata gas cost related to the `UserOperation` (defined in [EIP-2028](./eip-2028.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The calldata gas cost related to the `UserOperation` as defined in [EIP-2028](./eip-2028.md).
```

* Static `EntryPoint` contract code execution.
* Static memory cost when loading the fixed size fields of the `UserOperation` into EVM memory
* Memory cost (including expansion cost) due to context returned by paymaster `validatePaymasterUserOp` function, if relevant.
  * External call to the `innerHandleOp()` function which is a major part of the `EntryPoint` implementation.
  Note that this value is not static and depends on the `UserOperation`'s position in the bundle.

> * [EIP-7702] authorization cost, if any.
> * [EIP-7623](./eip-7623.md) calldata increase: when calculating `execution_gas_used` of this UserOperation, 
>    for the purpose of checking the "floor price", the bundler should use the known gas: verification (account creation, validation and paymaster validation) and 10% of the execution gas limit (since actual execution gas can't be determined during validation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [EIP-7702] authorization cost, if any.
* [EIP-7623](./eip-7623.md) calldata floor price increase is estimated as follows:
  * Apply the new formula for `tx.gasUsed`, replacing the `execution_gas_used` value with an estimate for value made for this UserOperation.
  * The estimate is calculated as a sum of all verification gas used during simulation (account creation, validation and paymaster validation) and 10% of the sum of execution and `postOp` gas limit.
```
